---
title: 

# View.
#   1 = List
#   2 = Compact
#   3 = Card
#   4 = Citation
view: 2

# Optional header image (relative to `static/media/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---



<font size=5> **Refereed Conference Paper** </font>

<font size=2>

1. Shiming Yu, Xianjin Xia, Ningning Hou, Yuanging Zheng, and Tao Gu. Revolutionizing Loa Gateway with XGate: Scalable Concurrent Transmission across Massive Logical Channels, in Proc. of the 30th International Conference On Mobile Computing And Networking (MobiCom 2024), Washington, D.C., USA, September 30 - October 4, 2024.
1. Huanqi Yang, Mingda Han, Mingda Jia, Zehua Sun, Pengfei Hu, Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Weitao Xu. XGait: Cross-Modal Translation via Deep Generative Sensing for RF-based Gait Recognition, in Proc. of the 21st ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys 2023), Istanbul, Turkey, 12-17 November 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-sensys-xgait.pdf)
1. Landu Jian, Cheng Luo, Tao Gu, Kezhong Lu, and Dian Zhang. AIMSafe: EEG-based Driver Behavior Understanding via Attention and Incremental Learning Mechanisms, In Proc. of the 20th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2023), Melbourne, Australia, November 14-17, 2023.
1. Xi Zhang, Yu Zhang, Zhenguo Shi, and Tao Gu. mmFER: Millimetre-wave Radar based Facial Expression Recognition for Multimedia IoT Applications, in Proc. of the 29th International Conference on Mobile Computing and Networking (MobiCom 2023), Madrid, Spain, October 2-6, 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-mobicom-mmFER.pdf)
1. Lei Wang, Tao Gu, Wei Li, Haipeng Dai, Yong Zhang, Dongxiao Yu, Chenren Xu, and Daqing Zhang. DFSense: Dual Forming based Multi-user Acoustic Sensing for Heartbeat Monitoring, in Proc. of the 21st ACM International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services (MobiSys 2023), Helsinki, Finland, June 18-22, 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-mobisys-DFSense.pdf)
1. Huanqi Yang, Zehua Sun, Hongbo Liu, Xianjin Xia, Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, Gerhard Hancke, and Weitao Xu. ChirpKey: A Chirp-level Information-based Key Generation Scheme for LoRa Networks via Perturbed Compressed Sensing, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2023, New York area, USA, May 17-20, 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23_infocom_ChirpKey.pdf)
1. Zehua Sun, Tao Ni, Huanqi Yang, Kai Liu, Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Weitao Xu. FLoRa: Energy-Efficient, Reliable, and Beamforming-Assisted Over-The-Air Firmware Update in LoRa Networks, in Proc. of the 22nd ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2023), San Antonio, Texas, May 9-12, 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-ipsn-FLoRa.pdf)
1. Zeqian Dong, Qiang He, Feifei Chen, Hai Jin, Tao Gu, and Yun Yang. EdgeMove: Pipelining Device-Edge Model Training for Mobile Intelligence, in Proc. of the ACM Web Conference 2023 (WWW 2023), Austin, Texas, April 30-May 4, 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-www-EdgeMove.pdf)
1. Weiling Zheng, Dian Zhang, Peng Ji, and Tao Gu. RF-Eye: Training-free Object Shape Detection using Directional RF Antenna, in Proc. of the 19th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2022), Virtual Event, November 14-17, 2022. [**PDF**](paper/RFeye.pdf)
1. Zhenguo Shi, Tao Gu, Yu Zhang, and Xi Zhang. mmBP: Contact-free Millimetre-wave Radar based Approach to Blood Pressure Measurement, in Proc. of the 20th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys 2022), Boston, United States, November 6-9, 2022. [**PDF**](paper/mmBP.pdf)
1. Yao Wang, Tao Gu, Yu Zhang, Minjie Lyu, Tom H. Luan, and Hui Li. Enabling Secure Touch-to-Access Device Pairing based on Human Body's Electrical Response, in Proc. of the 28th International Conference on Mobile Computing and Neworking (MobiCom 2022), Sydney, Australia, October 17-21, 2022. [**PDF**](paper/Device_Pairing.pdf)
1. Yao Wang, Tao Gu, Tom H. Luan, and Yong Yu. Your Breath Doesn't Lie: Multi-user Authentication by Sensing Respiration using mmWave Radar, in Proc. of IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication, and Networking (SECON 2022), 20-23 September 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-secon-Your_Breath_Doesnt_Lie.pdf)
1. Zihao Chu, Lei Xie, Tao Gu, Yanling Bu, Chuyu Wang, and Sanglu Lu. Edge-Eye: Rectifying Millimeter-Level Edge Deviation in Manufacturing using Camera-enabled IoT Edge Device, in Proc. of the 21st ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2022), Milan, Italy, 4-6 May 2022. [**PDF**](paper/IPSN2022.pdf)
1. Jiuwu Zhang, Xiulong Liu, Tao Gu, Bojun Zhang, Dongdong Liu, Zijuan Liu, and Keqiu Li. An RFID and Computer Vision Fusion System for Book Inventory using Mobile Robot, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2022, May 2-5, 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-infocom-An_RFID_and_Computer_Vision.pdf)
1. Xinran Lu, Lei Xie, Fang Wang, Tao Gu, Chuyu Wang, Wei Wang, and Sanglu Lu. Separating Voices from Multiple Sound Sources using 2D Microphone Array, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2022, May 2-5, 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-infocom-Separating_Voices.pdf) 
1. Xiulong Liu, Dongdong Liu, Jiuwu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Keqiu Li. RFID and Camera Fusion for Recognition of Human-Object Interactions, in Proc. of the 27th International Conference on Mobile Computing and Neworking (MobiCom 2021), October 25-29, 2021. [**PDF**](paper/22-mobicom-RFID.pdf)
1. Xianjin Xia, Ningning Hou, Yuanqing Zheng, Tao Gu. PCube: Scaling LoRa Concurrent Transmissions with Reception Diversities, in Proc. of the 27th International Conference on Mobile Computing and Neworking (MobiCom 2021), October 25-29, 2021. [**PDF**](paper/PCube-MobiCom21.pdf) 
1. Wei Wang, Dingsheng He, Tao Gu, Wan Jia, Haiyan Liu, Xiaoyang Sun, Fuping Wu, and Xiaojiang Chen. PRComm: Anti-interference Cross-Technology Communication Based on Pseudo-random Sequence, in Proc. of the 20th ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2021), Nashville, Tennessee, USA, 18-21 May 2021. [**PDF**](paper/22-ipsn-PRComm.pdf)
1. Jiuwu Zhang, Xiulong Liu, Tao Gu, Xinyu Tong, Sheng Chen, and Keqiu Li. SILoc: A Speed Inconsistency-Immune Approach to Mobile RFID Robot Localization, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2021, May 10-13, 2021. [**PDF**](paper/22-infocom-SILoc.pdf)
2. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Xi Zhang. MDLdroidLite: a Release-and-Inhibit Control Approach to Resource-Efficient Deep Neural Networks on Mobile Devices, in Proc. of the 18th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys 2020), Yokohama, Japan, November 16-19, 2020. [**PDF**](paper/Paper_3_SenSys_2020.pdf)
3. Xianjin Xia, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. LiteNap: Downclocking LoRa Reception, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2020, Toronto, Canada, July 6-9, 2020. [**PDF**](paper/LiteNap-%20Downclocking%20LoRa%20Reception.pdf)
4. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Xi Zhang. MDLdroid: a ChainSGD-reduce Approach to Mobile Deep Learning for Personal Mobile Sensing, in Proc. of the 19th ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2020), Sydney, Australia, April 21-24, 2020. [**PDF**](paper/Paper_2_IPSN_2020.pdf)
5. Yuxiang Lin, Wei Dong, Yi Gao, and Tao Gu. SateLoc: A Virtual Fingerprinting Approach to Outdoor LoRa Localization using Satellite Images, in Proc. of the 19th ACM/IEEE Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2020), Sydney, Australia, April 21-24, 2020. [**PDF**](paper/SateLoc-%20A%20Virtual%20Fingerprinting%20Approach%20to%20Outdoor%20LoRa%20Localization%20using%20Satellite%20Images.pdf)
6. Xianjin Xia, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. FTrack: Parallel Decoding for LoRa Transmissions, in Proc. of the 17th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys 2019), New York, November 10-13, 2019. [**PDF**](paper/FTrack-%20Parallel%20Decoding%20for%20LoRa%20Transmissions%20sensys.pdf) 
7. Gaoyang Guan, Wei Dong, Jiadong Zhang, Yi Gao, Tao Gu and Jiajun Bu. Queec: QoE-aware Edge Computing for Complex IoT Event Processing under Dynamic Workloads, in Proc. of the ACM Turing Celebration Conference - China (ACM TURC 2019), Chengdu, China, May 17-19, 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Queec-%20QoE-aware%20Edge%20Computing%20for%20Complex%20IoT%20Event%20Processing%20under%20Dynamic%20Workloads.pdf)
8. Mohammad Saidur Rahman, Ibrahim Khalil, Xun Yi, and Tao Gu. A Novel Privacy Preserving Search Technique for Stego Data in Untrusted Cloud, in Proc. of the Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences (HICSS 2019), Maui Hawaii, January 8-11, 2019. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Novel%20Privacy%20Preserving%20Search%20Technique%20for%20Stego%20Data%20in%20Untrusted%20Cloud.pdf) 
9.  Yao Wang, Wandong Cai, Tao Gu, Wei Shao, Ibrahim Khalil, and Xianghua Xu. GazeRevealer: Inferring Password Using Smartphone Front Camera, in Proc. of the 15th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2018), New York, November 5-7, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/GazeRevealer-%20Inferring%20Password%20Using%20Smartphone%20Front%20Camera.pdf) 
10. Kaixuan Chen, Lina Yao, Xianzhi Wang, Dalin Zhang, Tao Gu, Zhiwen Yu and Zheng Yang. Interpretable Parallel Recurrent Neural Networks with Convolutional Attentions for Multi-Modality Activity Modeling, in Proc. of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN 2018), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, July 8-13, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Interpretable%20Parallel%20Recurrent%20Neural%20Networks%20with%20Convolutional%20Attentions%20for%20Multi-Modality%20Activity%20Modeling.pdf)
11. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, Chu Luo, Vassilis Kostakos, and Aruna Seneviratne. FinDroidHR: Smartwatch Gesture Input with Optical Heartrate Monitor, in Proc. of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2018), Singapore, October 9-11, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Paper_1_Ubicomp_2018.pdf)
12. Liang Wang, Wen Cheng, Lijia Pan, Tao Gu, Tianheng Wu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. SpiderWalk: Circumstance-aware Transportation Activity Detection Using A Novel Contact Vibration Sensor, in Proc. of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2018), Singapore, October 9-11, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/SpiderWalk-%20Circumstance-aware%20Transportation%20Activity%20Detection%20Using%20a%20Novel%20Contact%20Vibration%20Sensor.pdf)
13. Tianben Wang, Daqing Zhang, Yuanqing Zheng, Tao Gu, Xingshe Zhou, and Bernadette Dorizzi. C-FMCW Based Contactless Respiration Detection Using Acoustic Signal, in Proc. of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2018), Singapore, October 9-11, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/C-FMCW%20Based%20Contactless%20Respiration%20Detection%20Using%20Acoustic%20Signal.pdf)
14. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Geyong Min, Gonglong Chen, Tao Gu, and Jiajun Bu. Towards Repeatable Wireless Network Simulation Using Performance Aware Markov Model, in Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2018, Honolulu, USA, April 15-19, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Repeatable.pdf)
15. Xiang Zhang, Lina Yao, Quan Z. Sheng, Salil S Kanhere, Tao Gu, and Dalin Zhang. Converting Your Thoughts to Texts: Enabling Brain Typing via Deep Feature Learning of EEG Signals, in Proc. of the 16th Annual IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2018),  Athens, Greece, March 19-23, 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Converting%20Your%20Thoughts%20to%20Texts-%20Enabling%20Brain%20Typing%20via%20Deep%20Feature%20Learning%20of%20EEG%20Signals.pdf)
16. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu. Direction-Aware, Audio-Based Pedestrian Relative Positioning by Swing Induced Doppler Shift, In Proc. of the 14th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2017), Melbourne, Australia, November 7-10, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Direction-Aware,%20Audio-Based%20Pedestrian%20Relative%20Positioning%20by%20Swing%20Induced%20Doppler%20Shi.pdf)
17. Xiang Zhang, Lina Yao, Dalin Zhang, Xianzhi Wang, Quan Z. Sheng and Tao Gu. Multi-Person Brain Activity Recognition via Comprehensive EEG Signal Analysis, In Proc. of the 14th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2017), Melbourne, Australia, November 7-10, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Multi-Person%20Brain%20Activity%20Recognition%20via%20Comprehensive%20EEG%20Signal%20Analysis.pdf)
18. Peipei Xu, Wenjie Ruan, Michael Sheng, Tao Gu and Lina Yao. Interpolating the Missing Values for Multi-Dimensional Spatial-Temporal Sensor Data: A Tensor SVD Approach, In Proc. of the 14th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2017), Melbourne, Australia, November 7-10, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Interpolating%20the%20Missing%20Values%20for%20Multi-Dimensional%20Spatial-Temporal%20Sensor%20Data-%20A%20Tensor%20SVD%20Approach.pdf) 
19. Yuanying Chen, Wei Dong, Yi Gao, Xue Liu, and Tao Gu. Rapid: A Multimodal and Device-free Approach Using Noise Estimation for Robust Person Identification, In Proc. of the 2017 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2017), Maui, Hawaii, USA, September 13-15, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Rapid-%20A%20Multimodal%20and%20Device-free%20Approach%20Using%20Noise%20Estimation%20for%20Robust%20Person%20Identification.pdf)
20. Gonglong Chen, Wei Dong, Zhiwei Zhao, and Tao Gu. Towards Accurate Corruption Estimation in ZigBee Under Cross-Technology Interference, In Proc. of the 37th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing (ICDCS 2017), Atlanta, GA, USA, June 5-8, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Towards%20Accurate%20Corruption%20Estimation%20in%20ZigBee%20Under%20Cross-Technology%20Interference.pdf)
21. Xianjin Xia, Shi-Ning Li, Yu Zhang, Lin Li, Tao Gu, Yongji Liu, and Yan Pan. Surviving Screen-off Battery through Out-of-band Wi-Fi Coordination, In Proc. of INFOCOM 2017, Atlanta, GA, USA, May 1-4, 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Surviving%20Screen-off%20Battery%20through%20Out-of-band%20Wi-Fi%20Coordination.pdf)
22. Yuntian Brian Bai, Tao Gu, and Andong Hu. Integrating Wi-Fi and Magnetic Field for Fingerprinting Based Indoor Positioning System, In Proc. of the International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN 2016), Madrid, Spain, October 4-7, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Integrating%20Wi-Fi%20and%20Magnetic%20Field%20for%20Fingerprinting%20Based%20Indoor%20Positioning%20System.pdf)
23. Jinqi Cui, Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. An Audio-based Hierarchical Smoking Behavior Detection System Based on A Smart Neckband Platform, In Proc. of the 13th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2016), Hiroshima, Japan, November 28-December 1, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Audio-based%20Hierarchical%20Smoking%20Behavior%20Detection%20System%20Based%20on%20A%20Smart%20Neckband%20Platform.pdf) 
24. Fangzhou Zhu, Chen Luo, Mingxuan Yuan, Yijian Zhu, Zhengqing Zhang, Tao Gu, Ke Deng, Weixiong Rao, and Jia Zeng, City-Scale Localization with Telco Big Data, In Proc. of the 25th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM 2016), Indianapolis, United States, October 24-28, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/City-Scale%20Localization%20with%20Telco%20Big%20Data.pdf)
25. Lina Yao, Feiping Nie, Quan Z. Sheng, Tao Gu, and Sen Wang. Learning from Less for Better: Semi-Supervised Activity Recognition via Shared Structure Discovery, In Proc. of the 2016 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2016), Heidelberg, Germany, September 12-16, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Learning%20from%20Less%20for%20Better-%20Semi-Supervised%20Activity%20Recognition%20via%20Shared%20Structure%20Discovery.pdf)
26. Wenjie Ruan, Quan Z. Sheng, Lei Yang, Tao Gu, Peipei Xu, and Longfei Shangguan, AudioGest: Enabling Fine-Grained Hand Gesture Detection by Decoding Echo Signal, In Proc. of the 2016 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2016), Heidelberg, Germany, September 12-16, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/AudioGest-%20Enabling%20Fine-Grained%20Hand%20Gesture%20Detection%20by%20Decoding%20Echo%20Signal.pdf)
27. Hao Wang, Daqing Zhang, Junyi Ma, Yasha Wang, Yuxiang Wang, Dan Wu, Tao Gu, and Bing Xie. Human Respiration Detection with Commodity WiFi Devices: Do User Location and Body Orientation Matter? In Proc. of the 2016 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2016), Heidelberg, Germany, September 12-16, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Human%20Respiration%20Detection%20with%20Commodity%20WiFi%20Devices-%20Do%20User%20Location%20and%20Body%20Orientation%20Matter.pdf)
28. Yuqi Wang, Jiannong Cao, Wengen Li, and Tao Gu. Mining Traffic Congestion Correlation between Road Segments on GPS Trajectories, In Proc. of the IEEE International Conference on Smart Computing (SMARTCOMP 2016), St. Louis, Missouri, May 18-20, 2016. (Best Paper Award) [**PDF**](paper/Mining%20Traffic%20Congestion%20Correlation%20between%20Road%20Segments%20on%20GPS%20Trajectories.pdf)
29. Wenjie Ruan, Quan Z. Sheng, Lina Yao, Tao Gu, and Longfei Shangguan. Device-free Indoor Localization and Tracking through Human-Object Interactions, In Proc. of IEEE International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks (WoWMoM 2016), Coimbra, Portugal, June 21-24, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Device-free%20Indoor%20Localization%20and%20Tracking%20through%20Human-Object%20Interactions.pdf) 
30. Xianjin Xia, Shi-Ning Li, Yu Zhang, and Tao Gu. Towards Energy-Balanced Data Transmission for Lifetime Optimization in Wireless Sensor Networks, In Proc. of the IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2016), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, May 23-27, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Towards%20Energy-Balanced%20Data%20Transmission%20for%20Lifetime%20Optimization%20in%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
31. Wenjie Ruan, Michael Sheng, Lei Yang, Lina Yao, and Tao Gu. HOI-Loc: Towards Unobtrusive Human Localization with Probabilistic Multi-Sensor Fusion, In Proc. of the 14th Annual IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2016) (WiP Track), Sydney, Australia, March 14-18, 2016. [**PDF**](paper/HOI-Loc-%20Towards%20Unobstructive%20Human%20Localization%20with%20Probabilistic%20Multi-Sensor%20Fusion.pdf)
32. Anthony Quattrone, Lars Kulik, Egemen Tanin, Kotagiri Ramamohanarao, and Tao Gu. PrivacyPalisade: Evaluating App Permissions and Building Privacy into Smartphones, Invited paper, In Proc. of the 10th International Conference on Information, Communications and Signal Processing (ICICS 2015), Singapore, December 2-4, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/PrivacyPalisade-%20Evaluating%20App%20Permissions%20and%20Building%20Privacy%20into%20Smartphones.pdf)
33. Lina Yao, Quan Z. Sheng, Xue Li, Sen Wang, Tao Gu, Wenjie Ruan and Wan Zou. Freedom: Online Activity Recognition via Dictionary-based Sparse Representation of RFID Sensing Data, Short Paper, In Proc. of the IEEE International Conference on Data Mining series (ICDM 2015), Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA, Nov 14-17, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Freedom-%20Online%20Activity%20Recognition%20via%20Dictionary-based%20Sparse%20Representation%20of%20RFID%20Sensing%20Data.pdf) 
34. Thanh Dinh, and Tao Gu. A Novel Metric for Opportunistic Routing in Heterogenous Duty-cycled Wireless Sensor Networks, In Proc. of the 23rd IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols (ICNP 2015). San Francisco, CA, November 10-13, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Novel%20Metric%20for%20Opportunistic%20Routing%20in%20Heterogenous%20Duty-cycled%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
35. Zhiwen Yu, Rong Du, Bin Guo, Tao Gu, Zhu Wang, and Daqing Zhang. Who Should I Invite for My Party? Combining User Preference and Influence Maximization for Social Events, Notes, In Proc. of the 2015 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2015), Osaka, Japan, September 7-11, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Who%20Should%20I%20Invite%20for%20My%20Party%20Combining%20User%20Preference%20and%20Influence%20Maximization%20for%20Social%20Events.pdf) 
36. Wenjie Ruan, Lina Yao, Quan Z. Sheng, Nickolas J.G. Falkner, Xue Li, and Tao Gu. TagFall: Towards Unobstructive Fine-Grained Fall Detection based on UHF Passive RFID Tags, In Proc. of the 12th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2015), Coimbra, Portugal, July 22-24, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/TagFall-%20Towards%20Unobstructive%20Fine-Grained%20Fall%20Detection%20based%20on%20UHF%20Passive%20RFID%20Tags.pdf) 
37. Lina Yao, Quan Z. Sheng, Wenjie Ruan, Tao Gu, Xue Li, Nickolas J.G. Falkner, and Zhi Yang, RF-Care: Device-Free Posture Recognition for Elderly People Using A Passive RFID Tag Array, In Proc. of the 12th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2015), Coimbra, Portugal, July 22-24, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/RF-Care-%20Device-Free%20Posture%20Recognition%20for%20Elderly%20People%20Using%20A%20Passive%20RFID%20Tag%20Array.pdf)
38. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Gaoyang Guan, Jiajun Bu, Tao Gu, and Chun Chen. Modeling Link Correlation in Low-Power Wireless Networks, In Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2015, Hong Kong, April 26-May 1, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Modeling%20Link%20Correlation%20in%20Low-Power%20Wireless%20Networks.pdf) 
39. HaiboYei, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. SBC: Scalable Smartphone Barometer Calibration through Crowdsourcing, In Proc. of the 11th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2014), London, December 2-5, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/SBC-%20Scalable%20Smartphone%20Barometer%20Calibration%20through%20Crowdsourcing.pdf)
40. HaiboYei, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. F-Loc: Floor Localization via Crowdsourcing, In Proc. of 20th IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2014), Hsinchu, Taiwan, December 16-19, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/F-Loc-%20Floor%20Localization%20via%20Crowdsourcing.pdf)
41. HaiboYei, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu.  B-Loc: Scalable Floor Localization using Barometer on Smartphone, In Proc. of  the 11th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad hoc and Sensor Systems (MASS 2014), Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, October 28-30, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/B-Loc-%20Scalable%20Floor%20Localization%20using%20Barometer%20on%20Smartphone%20MASS2014.pdf)
42. Hongwei Xie, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. MaLoc: A Practical Magnetic Fingerprinting Approach to Indoor Localization using Smartphones, In Proc. of the 2014 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2014), Seattle, Washington, September 13-17, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/MaLoc-%20A%20Practical%20Magnetic%20Fingerprinting%20Approach%20to%20Indoor%20Localization%20using%20Smartphones.pdf)
43. HaiboYei, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Crowdsourced Smartphone Sensing for Localization in Metro Trains, In Proc. of IEEE International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks (WoWMoM 2014), Sydney, Australia, June 16-19, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/Crowdsourced%20Smartphone%20Sensing%20for%20Localization%20in%20Metro%20Trains.pdf)
44. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Jiajun Bu, Tao Gu, Chun Chen, and Xianghua Xu. Correlated Core Based Bulk Data Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks, In Proc. of the 11th IEEE International Conference on Sensing, Communication, and Networking (SECON 2014), Singapore, June 30- July 3, 2014. [**PDF**](paper/Exploiting%20Link%20Correlation%20for%20Core-based%20Dissemination%20in%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
45. Liang Wang, Tao Gu,  Hongwei Xie, Xianping Tao, Jian Lu, and Yu Huang. A Wearable RFID System for Real-time Activity Recognition using Radio Patterns, In Proc. of the 10th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2013), Tokyo, Japan, December 2-4, 2013. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Wearable%20RFID%20System%20for%20Real-Time%20Activity%20Recognition%20Using%20Radio%20Patterns.pdf)
46. Kai Dong, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. JointCache: Collaborative Path Confusion through Lightweight P2P Communication, In Proc. of the 11th Annual IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2013) (WiP Track), San Diego, California, March 18-22, 2013. [**PDF**](paper/JointCache-%20Collaborative%20Path%20Confusion%20through%20Lightweight%20P2P%20Communication.pdf)
47. Kai Dong, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Complete Bipartite Anonymity: Confusing Anonymous Mobility Traces for Location Privacy. In Proc. of the 18th IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2012), Singapore, December 17-19, 2012. [**PDF**](paper/Complete%20Bipartite%20Anonymity-%20Confusing%20Anonymous%20Mobility%20Traces%20for%20Location%20Privacy.pdf)
48. Ning Jin, Kaiji Chen, and Tao Gu. Energy Balanced Data Collection in Wireless Sensor Networks. In Proc. of the 20th IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols (ICNP 2012), Austin, Texas, October 30-November 2, 2012. [**PDF**](paper/Energy%20Balanced%20Data%20Collection%20in%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
49. Hanhua Chen, Hai Jin, Shaoliang Wu, Ning Jin, and Tao Gu. Minimizing Inter-server Communications by Exploiting Self-similarity in Online Social Network. In Proc. of the 20th IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols (ICNP 2012), Austin, Texas, October 30-November 2, 2012. [**PDF**](paper/Minimizing%20Inter-server%20Communications%20by%20Exploiting%20Self-similarity%20in%20Online%20Social%20Networks.pdf)
50. Hanhua Chen, Hai Jin, Lingchao Guo, Shaoliang Wu, and Tao Gu. Sink-Free Audio-on-Demand over Wireless Sensor Networks, In Proc. of the 20th IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Quality of Service (IWQoS 2012), Coimbra, Portugal, June 4-5, 2012. [**PDF**](paper/Sink-Free%20Audio-on-Demand%20over%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
51. HaiboYei, Tao Gu, Xiaorui Zhu, JingweiXu, Xianping Tao, Jian Lu, and Ning Jin. FTrack: Infrastructure-free Floor Localization via Mobile Phone Sensing, In Proc. of the 10th Annual IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2012), Lugano, Switzerland, March 19-23, 2012. [**PDF**](paper/FTrack-%20Infrastructure-free%20Floor%20Localization%20via%20Mobile%20Phone%20Sensing.pdf) 
52. Lei Yang, Jinsong Han, Yong Qi, Chen Wang, Tao Gu, and Yunhao Liu. Season: Shelving Interference and Joint Identification in Large-scale RFID Systems, In Proc. of IEEE INFOCOM 2011, Shanghai, China, April 10-15, 2011. [**PDF**](paper/Season-%20Shelving%20Interference%20and%20Joint%20Identification%20in%20Large-scale%20RFID%20Systems.pdf) 
53. Tao Gu, Liang Wang, Hanhua Chen, Guimei Liu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Mining Emerging Sequential Patterns for Activity Recognition in Body Sensor Networks, In Proc. of the 7th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2010), Sydney, Australia, December 6-9, 2010. [**PDF**](paper/Mining%20Emerging%20Sequential%20Patterns%20for%20Activity%20Recognition%20in%20Body%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
54. Kai Dong, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Privacy Protection in Participatory Sensing Applications Requiring Fine-Grained Locations. In Proc. of the 16th IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2010), Shanghai, China, December 8-10, 2010. [**PDF**](paper/Privacy%20Protection%20in%20Participatory%20Sensing%20Applications%20Requiring%20Fine-Grained%20Locations.pdf)
55. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Hanhua Chen, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Real-time Human Activity Recognition using a Body Sensor Network: From Simple Gestures to Complex Activities. In Proc. of the 16th IEEE International Conference on Embedded and Real-Time Computing Systems and Applications (RTCSA 2010), Macau, China, August 23-25, 2010. [**PDF**](paper/Real-time%20Activity%20Recognition%20in%20Wireless%20Body%20Sensor%20Networks-%20From%20Simple%20Gestures%20to%20Complex%20Activities.pdf)
56. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition in a Multi-user Scenario. In Proc. of the European Conference on Ambient Intelligence (AmI 2009), Salzburg, Austria, Nov 18-21, 2009. [**PDF**](paper/Sensor-Based%20Human%20Activity%20Recognition%20in%20a%20Multi-user%20Scenario.pdf)
57. Tao Gu, Zhanqing Wu, Liang Wang, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Mining Emerging Patterns for Recognizing Activities of Multiple Users in Pervasive Computing. In Proc. of the 6th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2009), Toronto, Canada, July 13-16, 2009. Acceptance Rate: 22.1% (19 out of 86). [**PDF**](paper/Mining%20Emerging%20Patterns%20for%20Recognizing%20Activities%20of%20Multiple%20Users%20in%20Pervasive%20Computing.pdf)
58. Tao Gu, Zhanqing Wu, Xianping Tao, Hung Keng Pung, and Jian Lu. epSICAR: An Emerging Patterns based Approach to Sequential, Interleaved and Concurrent Activity Recognition. In Proc. of the 7th Annual IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2009), Galveston, Texas, March 9-13, 2009. Acceptance Rate: 11.9% (24 out of 202). [**PDF**](paper/epSICAR-%20An%20Emerging%20Patterns%20based%20Approach%20to%20Sequential,%20Interleaved%20and%20Concurrent%20Activity%20Recognition.pdf)
59. Wenwei Xue, Hung Keng Pung, Wenlong Ng, Chee Weng Tang, and Tao Gu. Gateways of Physical Spaces in Context-Aware Computing. In Proc. of the 4th International Conference on Intelligent Sensors, Sensor Networks and Information Processing (ISSNIP 2008), Symposium on Middleware for Sensor Systems, Sydney, Australia, December 15-18, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Gateways%20of%20Physical%20Spaces%20in%20Context-Aware%20Computing.pdf)
60. Wenwei Xue, Hung Keng Pung, Wenlong Ng, and Tao Gu. Data Management for Context-Aware Computing. In Proc. of the IEEE/IFIP International Conference on Embedded and Ubiquitous Computing (EUC 2008), Shanghai, China, December 17-20, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Data%20Management%20for%20Context-Aware%20Computing.pdf)
61. Tong-Lee Lim, Tieyan Li, and Tao Gu. Secure RFID Identification and Authentication with Challenge-Response and Forward-Rolling Triggered Hash. In Proc. of IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2008), Melbourne, Australia, December 8-10, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Secure%20RFID%20Identification%20and%20Authentication%20with%20Triggered%20Hash%20Chain%20Variants.pdf)
62. Wenwei Xue, Hung Keng Pung, Paulito P. Palmes, and Tao Gu. Schema Matching for Context-Aware Computing. In Proc. of the 10th International Conference on Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2008), Seoul, South Korea, September 21-24, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Schema%20Matching%20for%20Context-Aware%20Computing%20.pdf) 
63. Tao Gu, Daqing Zhang, and Hung Keng Pung. Peer-to-Peer Context Reasoning in Pervasive Computing Environments. In Proc. of Workshop on Context Modeling and Reasoning (CoMoRea), in conjunction with the 6th IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2008), Hong Kong, March 17-21, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Peer-to-Peer%20Context%20Reasoning%20in%20Pervasive%20Computing%20Environments.pdf)
64. Kaijian Xu, Manli Zhu, Daqing Zhang, and Tao Gu. Context-aware Content Filtering & Presentation for Pervasive & Mobile Information Systems. In Proc. of International Conference on Ambient Media and Systems (Ambi-Sys 2008), Quebec, Canada, February 11-14, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/Context-Aware%20Content%20Filtering%20&%20Presentation%20for%20Pervasive%20&%20Mobile%20Information%20Systems.pdf)
65. Tao Gu, Daqing Zhang, and Hung Keng Pung. A Two-tier Semantic Overlay Network for P2P Search. In Proc. of IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2007), Taiwan, December 5-7, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Two-tier%20Semantic%20Overlay%20Network%20for%20P2P%20Search.pdf)
66. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Semantic P2P Framework for Building Context-aware Applications in Multiple Smart Spaces. In Proc. of IFIP International Conference on Embedded and Ubiquitous Computing (EUC 2007), Taiwan, December 17-20, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Semantic%20P2P%20Framework%20for%20Building%20Context-Aware%20Applications%20in%20Multiple%20Smart%20Spaces.pdf)
67. Tao Gu, Zhongqi Kwok, Kok Keong Koh, and Hung Keng Pung. A Mobile Framework Supporting Ontology Processing and Reasoning. In Proc. of the 2nd Workshop on Requirements and Solutions for Pervasive Software Infrastructures, in conjunction with the 9th International Conference on Ubiquitous Computing (UbiComp 2007), Austria, September 16-19, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/Ontology%20Based%20Context%20Modeling%20and%20Reasoning%20using%20OWL.pdf)
68. Yuan He, Tao Gu, Jiang Guo, and Jingyao Dai. KQStream: Kindred-Based QoS-Aware Live Media Streaming in Heterogeneous Peer-to-Peer Environments. In Proc. of the International Workshop on Hot Topics in Mobile Peer-to-Peer Networks, in conjunction with the International Conference on Parallel Processing (ICPP 2007), XiAn, China, September 10-14, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/KQStream-%20Kindred-Based%20QoS-Aware%20Live%20Media%20Streaming%20in%20Heterogeneous%20Peer-to-Peer%20Environments.pdf)
69. Zheng Yang, Bin Xu, Jingyao Dai, and Tao Gu. PAS: Prediction based Adaptive Sleeping for Environment Monitoring Sensor Networks. In Proc. of the International Workshop on Hot Topics in Mobile Peer-to-Peer Networks, in conjunction with the International Conference on Parallel Processing (ICPP 2007), XiAn, China, September 10-14, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/PAS-%20Prediction-based%20Adaptive%20Sleeping%20for%20Environment%20Monitoring%20in%20Sensor%20Networks%20ICCP2007.pdf)
70. Hao Han, Tao Gu, and Sanglu Lu. Data Redundancy Aware Topology Control in Wireless Sensor Networks. Poster, in Proc. of the 4th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2007), Philadelphia, PA, August 6-10, 2007.
71. Shaxun Chen, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Application Based Distance Measurement for Context Retrieval in Ubiquitous Computing. In Proc. of the 4th International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2007), Philadelphia, PA, August 6-10, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/Application%20Based%20Distance%20Measurement%20for%20Context%20Retrieval%20in%20Ubiquitous%20Computing.pdf)
72. Sasitharan Balasubramaniam, Dmitri Botvich, Tao Gu, and William Donnelly. Chemotaxis and Quorum Sensing inspired Device Interaction supporting Social Networking. In Proc. of the IEEE 65th Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC 2007), Dublin, Ireland, April 22-25, 2007. [**PDF**](paper/Chemotaxis%20and%20Quorum%20Sensing%20inspired%20Device%20Interaction%20supporting%20Social%20Networking.pdf)
73. Lifeng Zhou, Hung Keng Pung, Lek Heng Ngoh, and Tao Gu. Ontology Modeling of a Dynamic Protocol Stack. In Proc. of the 31st IEEE Conference on Local Computer Networks (LCN 2006), Tampa, Florida, November 14-16, 2006. [**PDF**](paper/Ontology%20Modeling%20of%20a%20Dynamic%20Protocol%20Stack.pdf)
74. Venet Osmani, Sasitharan Balasubramaniam, and Tao Gu. A Distributed Hierarchical Structure for Object Networks Supporting Activity Recognition. In Proc. of the 9th IFIP/IEEE International Conference on Management of Multimedia and Mobile Networks & Services, Dublin, Ireland, October 25-27, 2006. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Distributed%20Hierarchical%20Structure%20for%20Object%20Networks%20Supporting%20Human%20Activity%20Recognition.pdf)
75. Yingyi Bu, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, Jun Li, Shaxun Chen, and Jian Lu. Managing Quality of Context in Pervasive Computing. In Proc. of the 6th International Conference on Quality Software, Beijing, China, October 26-28, 2006. [**PDF**](paper/Managing%20Quality%20of%20Context%20in%20Pervasive%20Computing.pdf)
76. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A P2P Context Lookup Service for Multiple Smart Spaces. Poster, the 4th International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services (MobiSys 2006), Uppsala, Sweden. June 19-22, 2006. [**PDF**](paper/Mobisys_06Poster_gutao.pdf) 
77. Daqing Zhang, Heng Seng Cheng, Tao Gu, Manli Zhu, Huaqun Guo, and Mun Kew Leong. A Scalable and Trusted Middleware for Smart Spaces. In Proc. of the 4th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics (ICOST 2006), Northern Ireland, UK, June 26-28, 2006.
78. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Hierarchical Semantic Overlay for P2P Search. Poster, INFOCOM 2006, Barcelona, Spain, April 23-29, 2006. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Hierarchical%20Semantic%20Overlay%20for%20P2P%20Search.pdf)
79. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Peer-to-Peer Overlay for Context Information Search. In Proc. of the 14th International Conference on Computer Communications and Networks (ICCCN 2005), San Diego, California, October 17-19, 2005. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Peer-to-Peer%20Overlay%20for%20Context%20Information%20Search.pdf)
80. Tao Gu, Edmond Tan, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Peer-to-Peer Architecture for Context Lookup. In Proc. of the International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2005), San Diego, California, July 17-21, 2005. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Peer-to-Peer%20Architecture%20for%20Context%20Lookup.pdf)
81. Tao Gu, Edmond Tan, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. ContextPeers: Scalable Peer-to-Peer Search for Context Information. In Proc. of the International Workshop on Innovations in Web Infrastructure, in conjunction with the 14th World Wide Web Conference (WWW 2005), Japan, May 10-14, 2005. [**PDF**](paper/ContextPeers-%20Scalable%20Peer-to-Peer%20Search%20for%20Context%20Information.pdf)
82. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Middleware for Context-Aware Mobile Services. In Proc. of IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC 2004), Milan, Italy, May 17-19, 2004. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Middleware%20for%20Building%20Context-Aware%20Mobile%20Services.pdf)
83. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Bayesian Approach for Dealing with Uncertain Contexts. Short paper. In Proc. of the 2nd International Conference on Pervasive Computing (Pervasive 2004), in the book "Advances in Pervasive Computing" published by the Austrian Computer Society, Vol. 176, ISBN 3-85403-176-9, Vienna, Austria, April 18-23, 2004. [**PDF**](paper/A%20BAYESIAN%20APPROACH%20FOR%20DEALING%20WITH%20UNCERTAIN%20CONTEXTS.pdf)
84. Xiaohang Wang, Daqing Zhang, Tao Gu, and Hung Keng Pung. Ontology Based Context Modeling and Reasoning using OWL. In Proc. of Workshop on Context Modeling and Reasoning (CoMoRea), in conjunction with the 2nd IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2004), Orlando, Florida, March 14-17, 2004. <font color=Red>(Ten Years CoMoRea Impact Paper Award)</font> [**PDF**](paper/Ontology%20Based%20Context%20Modeling%20and%20Reasoning%20using%20OWL.pdf)
85. Tao Gu, Xiaohang Wang, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. An Ontology-based Context Model in Intelligent Environments. In Proc. of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems Modeling and Simulation Conference, San Diego, California, January 18-21, 2004. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Ontology-based%20Context%20Model%20in%20Intelligent%20Environments.pdf)
86. Tao Gu, Haichun Qian, Jianjang Yao, and Hung Keng Pung. An Architecture for Flexible Service Discovery in OCTOPUS. In Proc. of the 12th International Conference on Computer Communications and Networks (ICCCN 2003), Dallas, Texas, October 20-23, 2003. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Architecture%20for%20Flexible%20Service%20Discovery%20in%20OCTOPUS.pdf)
87. Jiankang Yao, Tao Gu, and Hung Keng Pung. A Jini-based Service Location Manager in OCTOPUS. In Proc. of the 7th IASTED International Conference on Internet and Multimedia Systems and Applications, Honolulu, Hawaii, August 13-15, 2003.



</font>



<font size=5> **Refereed Journal Papers** </font>

<font size=2>

1. Yao Wang, Tao Gu, and Haibin Zhang. Simultaneous Authentication of Multiple Users Using a Single mmWave Radar, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), 25 January 2024. [**PDF**](paper/24-iotj-Simultaneous_Authentication_of_Multiple_Users.pdf)
1. Zehua Sun, Tao Ni, Huanqi Yang, Kai Liu, Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Weitao Xu. FLoRa+: Energy-Efficient, Reliable, Beamforming-Assisted, and Secure Over-The-Air Firmware Update in LoRa Networks, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks, 22 January 2024. [**PDF**](paper/24-tosn-FLoRa+.pdf)

1. Tianben Wang, Zhangben Li, Xiantao Liu, Boqin Liu, Honghao Yan, Shengjie Li, Zhongyu Ma, Jin Hu, Daqing Zhang, and Tao Gu. AudioGuard: Omnidirectional Indoor Intrusion Detection using Audio Device, ACM Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT), Vol. 5, No. 1, Article 4, pp. 1–22, 16 December 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-tiot-AudioGuard.pdf)
1. Lei Wang, Xingwei Wang, Dalin Zhang, Xiaolei Ma, Yong Zhang, Haipeng Dai, Chenren Xu, Zhijun Li, and Tao Gu. Knowing Your Heart Condition Anytime: User-Independent ECG Measurement Using Commercial Mobile Phones, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 7, No. 13, Article 131, pp. 1–28, 27 September 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-imwut-Knowing_Your_Heart.pdf)
1. Li Zhang, Jinping Niu, Yiyao Wang, Gaojie Chen, Tao Gu, and Yanyan Li. Energy-Efficient Task Offloading in RIS-Aided HetNets with Wireless Backhaul, IEEE Communications Letters, Vol. 27, No. 9, pp. 2531-2535, 27 July 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-lcomm-Energy-Efficient_Task_Offloading.pdf) 
1. Jia Zhang, Rui Xi, Yuan He, Yimiao Sun, Xiuzhen Guo, Weiguo Wang, Xin Na, Yunhao Liu, Zhenguo Shi, and Tao Gu. A Survey of mmWave-Based Human Sensing: Technology, Platforms and Applications, in IEEE Communications Surveys & Tutorials (COMST), Vol. 25, No. 4, pp. 2052-2087, 25 July 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-comst-A_Survey_of_mmWave.pdf)

1. Tianben Wang, Zhishen Wang, Xiantao Liu, Leye Wang, Yuanqing Zheng, Jin Hu, Tao Gu, and Daqing Zhang, OmniResMonitor: Omnimonitoring of Human Respiration using Acoustic Multipath Reflection, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), 01 June 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-tmc-OmniResMonitor.pdf)
1. Tianben Wang, Zhangben Li, Xiantao Liu, Tao Gu, HongHao Yan, Jing Lv, Jin Hu, and Daqing Zhang. MultiResp: Robust Respiration Monitoring for Multiple Users using Acoustic Signal, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), pp. 1-17, 25 May 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-tmc-MultiResp.pdf)
1. Lei Xie, Zihao Chu, Yi Li, Tao Gu, Yanling Bu, Chuyu Wang, and Sanglu Lu. Industrial Vision: Rectifying Millimeter-Level Edge Deviation in Industrial Internet of Things with Camera-based Edge Device, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 23, No. 2, pp. 1968-1984, 17 February 2023. [**PDF**](paper/23-tmc-Industrial_Vision.pdf)

1. Yao Wang, Tao Gu, Tom Luan, Minjie Lyu, and Yue Li. HeartPrint: Exploring a Heartbeat-based Multi-user Authentication with Single mmWave Radar, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 9, No. 24, pp. 25324-25336, 15 December 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-iotj-HeartPrint.pdf)
1.  Xianjin Xia, Ningning Hou, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. PCube: Scaling LoRa Concurrent Transmissions with Reception Diversities, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN), Vol. 18, No. 24, Article 66, pp. 1-25, November 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-tosn-PCube.pdf)
1. Lei Wang, Wei Li, Ke Sun, Fusang Zhang, Tao Gu, Chenren Xu, and Daqing Zhang. LoEar: Push the Range Limit of Acoustic Sensing for Vital Sign Monitoring, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 6, No. 3, Article 145, pp. 1-24, 07 September 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-imwut-LoEar.pdf)
1. Yongliang Chen, Tao Ni, Weitao Xu, and Tao Gu. SwipePass: Acoustic-based Second-factor User Authentication for Smartphones, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 6, No. 3, Article 106, pp. 1-25, 07 September 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-imwut-SwipePass.pdf)
1. Lei Xie, Peicheng Yang, Chuyu Wang, Tao Gu, Gaolei Duan, Xinran Lu, and Sanglu Lu. GaitTracker: 3D Skeletal Tracking for Gait Analysis based on Inertial Measurement Units, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN), GaitTracker: 3D Skeletal Tracking for Gait Analysis based on Inertial Measurement Units, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN), Vol. 18, No. 2, Article 27, pp 1-27, May 2022. [**PDF**](paper/22-tosn-GaitTracker.pdf)

1. Weiyan Chen, Fusang Zhang, Tao Gu, Kexing Zhou, Zixuan Huo, and Daqing Zhang. Constructing Floor Plan through Smoke using Ultra Wideband Radar, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 5, No. 4, Article 147, pp. 1-29, 30 December 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-imwut- Constructing_Floor.pdf)
1. Guangming Cui, Qiang He, Xiaoyu Xia, Feifei Chen, Tao Gu, Hai Jin, and Yun Yang. Demand Response in NOMA-based Mobile Edge Computing: A Two-phase Game-theoretical Approach, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 22, No. 3, pp. 1449-1463, 30 August 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-tmc-Demand_Response.pdf)
1. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Xi Zhang. MDLdroid: a ChainSGD-reduce Approach to Mobile Deep Learning for Personal Mobile Sensing, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 22, No. 3, pp. 1449-1463, 30 August 2021. [**PDF**](paper/mdldroid_ton.pdf) 
1. Landu Jiang, Wen Xie, Dian Zhang, Tao Gu. Smart Diagnosis: Deep Learning Boosted Driver Inattention Detection and Abnormal Driving Prediction, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 9, No. 6, pp. 4076-4089, 10 August 2021. [**PDF**](paper/diagnosis_iot.pdf)
1. Xianjin Xia, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. LiteNap: Downclocking LoRa Reception, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 29, No. 6, pp. 2632-2645, 21 July 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-ton-LiteNap.pdf)
1. Yuxiang Lin, Wei Dong, Yi Gao, and Tao Gu. SateLoc: A Virtual Fingerprinting Approach to Outdoor LoRa Localization using Satellite Images, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN), Vol. 17, No. 4, Article 43, pp. 1-28, 16 July 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-tosn-SateLoc.pdf)
1. Hao Zhang, Yafeng Yin, Lei Xie, Tao Gu, Minghui You, and Sanglu Lu. DynaKey: Dynamic Keystroke Tracking using a Head-Mounted Camera Device, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 9, No. 9, pp. 6563-6577, 1 May 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-iotj-DynaKey.pdf)
1. Jinyi Liu, Youwei Zeng, Tao Gu, Leye Wang, and Daqing Zhang. WiPhone: Smartphone-based Respiration Monitoring using Ambient Reflected WiFi Signals, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 5, No. 1, Article 23, pp. 1-19, 30 March 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-imwut-WiPhone.pdf) 
1. Bohan Yu, Yuxiang Wang, Kai Niu, Youwei Zeng, Tao Gu, Leye Wang, Cuntai Guan, and Daqing Zhang. WiFi-Sleep: Sleep Stage Monitoring Using Commodity Wi-Fi Devices, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 8, No. 18, pp. 13900-13913, 25 March 2021. [**PDF**](paper/21-iotj-WiFi-Sleep.pdf)
1. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, and Xi Zhang. MDLdroidLite: a Release-and-Inhibit Control Approach to Resource-Efficient Deep Neural Networks on Mobile Devices, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 21, No. 10, pp. 3670-3686, 1 February 2021. [**PDF**](paper/mdl_tmc.pdf)

1. Xianjin Xia, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. FTrack: Parallel Decoding for LoRa Transmissions, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 28, No. 6, pp. 2573–2586, 15 December 2020. [**PDF**](paper/FTrack-%20Parallel%20Decoding%20for%20LoRa%20Transmissions.pdf)
1. Zhiwei Zhao, Geyong Min, Wei Dong, Xue Liu, Weifeng Gao, Minghang Yang, and Tao Gu. Exploiting Link Diversity for Performance-Aware and Repeatable Simulation in Low-power Wireless Networks, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 28, No. 6, pp. 2545-2558, 02 September 2020. [**PDF**](paper/Exploiting%20Link%20Diversity%20for%20Performance-Aware%20and%20Repeatable%20Simulation%20in%20Low-Power%20Wireless%20Networks.pdf)
1. Dan Xu, Xiaojiang Chen, Nannan Zhang, Nana Ding, Jing Zhang, Dingyi Fang, and Tao Gu. Cantor: Improving Goodput in LoRa Concurrent Transmission, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 8, No. 3, pp. 1519-1532, 31 July 2020. [**PDF**](paper/Cantor-%20Improving%20Goodput%20in%20LoRa%20Concurrent%20Transmission.pdf)
1. Guangming Cui, Qiang He, Xiaoyu Xia, Phu Lai, Feifei Chen, Tao Gu, and Yun Yang. Interference-aware SaaS User Allocation Game for Edge Computing. IEEE Transactions on Cloud Computing, Vol. 10, No. 3, pp. 1888-1899, 10 July 2020. [**PDF**](paper/Interference-aware%20SaaS%20User%20Allocation%20Game%20for%20Edge%20Computing.pdf)
1. Xiang Zhang, Lina Yao, Kaixuan Chen, Xianzhi Wang, Quan Z. Sheng, Tao Gu, Zheng Yang, and Yunhao Liu. DeepKey: A Multimodal Biometric Authentication System via Deep Decoding Gaits and Brainwaves. ACM Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology(TIST), Vol. 11, No. 4, Article 49, pp. 1–24, 31 May 2020. [**PDF**](paper/DeepKey-%20A%20Multimodal%20Biometric%20Authentication%20System%20via%20Deep%20Decoding%20Gaits%20and%20Brainwaves.pdf)
1. Dan Wu, Ruiyang Gao, Youwei Zeng, Jinyi Liu, Leye Wang, Tao Gu, and Daqing Zhang. FingerDraw: Sub-wavelength Level Finger Motion Tracking with WiFi Signals, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 4, No. 1, Article 31, pp. 1–27, 18 March 2020. [**PDF**](paper/FingerDraw-%20Sub-wavelength%20Level%20Finger%20Motion%20Tracking%20with%20WiFi%20Signals.pdf)
1. Yafeng Yin, Lei Xie, Tao Gu, Yijia Lu, and Sanglu Lu. AirContour: Building Contour-based Model for in-Air Writing Gesture Recognition, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN), Vol. 15, No. 4, Article 44, pp. 1–25, 17 October 2019. [**PDF**](paper/AirContour-%20Building%20Contour-based%20Model%20for%20In-Air%20Writing%20Gesture%20Recognition.pdf)
1. Ngoc-Thanh Dinh, Tao Gu, and Younghan Kim. Rendezvous Cost-aware Opportunistic Routing in Heterogeneous Duty-cycled Wireless Sensor Networks, IEEE Access, Vol. 7, pp. 121825-121840, 23 August 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Rendezvous%20Cost-Aware%20Opportunistic%20Routing%20in%20Heterogeneous%20Duty-Cycled%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
1. Yao Wang, Wandong Cai, Tao Gu, and Wei Shao. Your Eyes Reveal Your Secrets: An Eye Movement Based Password Inference on Smartphone, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 19, No. 11, pp. 2714-2730, 14 August 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Your%20Eyes%20Reveal%20Your%20Secrets-%20An%20Eye%20Movement%20Based%20Password%20Inference%20on%20Smartphone.pdf)
1. Xianghua Xu, Zhixiang Dai, Anxing Shan, and Tao Gu. Connected Target ϵ-probability Coverage in WSNs With Directional Probabilistic Sensors, IEEE Systems Journal, Vol. 14, No. 3, pp. 3399-3409, 24 September 2019 [**PDF**](paper/Connected%20Target%20ε-probability%20Coverage%20in%20WSNs%20With%20Directional%20Probabilistic%20Sensors.pdf)
1. Haibo Ye, Li Sheng, Tao Gu, and Zhiqiu Huang. SELoc: Collect Your Location Data Using Only a Barometer Sensor, IEEE Access, Vol. 7, No. 1, pp. 88705-88717, 27 June 2019. [**PDF**](paper/SELoc-%20Collect%20Your%20Location%20Data%20Using%20Only%20a%20Barometer%20Sensor.pdf)          
1. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Alex Liu, Hengzhi Yao, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Assessing User Mental Workload for Smartphone Applications with Built-in Sensors, IEEE Pervasive Computing, Vol. 18, No. 1, pp. 59-70, 03 May 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Assessing%20User%20Mental%20Workload%20for%20Smartphone%20Applications%20With%20Built-In%20Sensors.pdf)
1. Fusang Zhang, Kai Niu, Daqing Zhang, Jie Xiong, Beihong Jin, Tao Gu, and Yuhang Jiang. Towards a Diffraction-based Sensing Approach to Human Activity Recognition, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 3, No. 1, Article 33, 29 March 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Towards%20a%20Diffraction-based%20Sensing%20Approach%20on%20Human%20Activity%20Recognition.pdf)
1. Xianjin Xia, Shining Li, Yu Zhang, Bingqi Li, Yuanqing Zheng, and Tao Gu. Enabling Out-of-band Coordination of Wi-Fi Communications on Smartphones, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 27, No. 2, pp. 518-531, 06 March 2019. [**PDF**](paper/Enabling%20Out-of-Band%20Coordination%20of%20Wi-Fi%20Communications%20on%20Smartphones.pdf)

1. Fan Yang, Shining Li, Zhe Yang, Cheng Qian, and Tao Gu. Spatial Multiplexing for Non-Line-of-Sight Light-to-Camera Communications, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 18, No. 11, pp. 2660-267, 09 November 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Spatial%20Multiplexing%20for%20Non-Line-of-Sight%20Light-to-Camera%20Communications.pdf)
1. Haibo Ye, Wenhua Yang, Yunyu Yao, Tao Gu, and Zhiqiu Huang. BTrack: Using Barometer for Energy Efficient Location Tracking on Mountain Roads. IEEE Access, Vol. 6, pp. 66998-67009, 02 November 2018. [**PDF**](paper/BTrack-%20Using%20Barometer%20for%20Energy%20Efficient%20Location%20Tracking%20on%20Mountain%20Roads.pdf)
1. Tianben Wang, Daqing Zhang, Leye Wang, Yuanqing Zheng, Tao Gu, Bernadette Dorizzi, and Xingshe Zhou. Contactless Respiration Monitoring using Ultrasound Signal with Off-the-shelf Audio Devices, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 6, No. 2, pp. 2959-2973, 23 October 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Contactless%20Respiration%20Monitoring%20Using%20Ultrasound%20Signal%20With%20Off-the-Shelf%20Audio%20Devices.pdf)
1. Gonglong Chen, Wei Dong, Zhiwei Zhao, and Tao Gu. Accurate Corruption Estimation in ZigBee Under Cross-Technology Interference, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 18, No. 10, pp. 2243-2256, 16 October 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Accurate%20Corruption%20Estimation%20in%20ZigBee%20under%20Cross-Technology%20Interference.pdf) 
1. Youwei Zeng, Dan Wu, Ruiyang Gao, Tao Gu, and Daqing Zhang. FullBreathe: Full Human Respiration Detection Exploiting Complementarity of CSI Phase and Amplitude of WiFi Signals, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 2, No. 3, Article 148, 18 September 2018. [**PDF**](paper/FullBreathe-%20Full%20Human%20Respiration%20Detection%20Exploiting%20Complementarity%20of%20CSI%20Phase%20and%20Amplitude%20of%20WiFi%20Signals.pdf)
1. Xiang Zhang, Lina Yao, Salil Kanhere, Yunhao Liu, Tao Gu, and Kaixuan Chen. MindID: Person Identification from Brain Waves through Attention-based Recurrent Neural Network, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 2, No. 3, Article 149, 18 September 2018. [**PDF**](paper/MindID-%20Person%20Identification%20from%20Brain%20Waves%20through%20Attention-based%20Recurrent%20Neural%20Network.pdf)
1. Haibo Ye, Kai Dong, and Tao Gu. HiMeter: Telling You the Height Rather than the Altitude, Sensors, Vol. 18, No. 6, Article 1712, 25 May 2018. [**PDF**](paper/HiMeter-%20Telling%20You%20the%20Height%20Rather%20than%20the%20Altitude.pdf)

28. Wei Shao, Flora Salim, Tao Gu, Thanh Dinh, and Jeffrey Chan. Travelling Officer Problem: Managing Car Parking Violations Efficiently Using Sensor Data, IEEE Internet of Things Journal (IoT-J), Vol. 5, No. 2, pp. 802-810, April 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Traveling%20Officer%20Problem-%20Managing%20Car%20Parking%20Violations%20Efficiently%20Using%20Sensor%20Data.pdf)
30. Tao Song, Jiajun Wang, Jiewei Wu, Ruhui Ma, Alei Liang, Tao Gu, and Zhengwei Qi. FastDesk: A Remote Desktop Virtualization System for Multi-tenant, Future Generation Computer Systems, Vol. 81, pp. 478-491, April 2018. [**PDF**](paper/FastDesk-%20A%20remote%20desktop%20virtualization%20system%20for%20multi-tenant.pdf)
31. Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, Chu Luo, Vassilis Kostakos, and Aruna Seneviratne. FinDroidHR: Smartwatch Gesture Input with Optical Heartrate Monitor, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 2, No. 1, pp. 56:1-56:42, March 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Paper_1_Ubicomp_2018.pdf) 
33. Liang Wang, Wen Cheng, Lijia Pan, Tao Gu, Tianheng Wu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. SpiderWalk: Circumstance-aware Transportation Activity Detection Using A Novel Contact Vibration Sensor, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 2, No. 1, pp. 42:1-42:30, March 2018. [**PDF**](paper/SpiderWalk-%20Circumstance-aware%20Transportation%20Activity%20Detection%20Using%20a%20Novel%20Contact%20Vibration%20Sensor.pdf)
34. Lina Yao, Quan Z. Sheng, Xue Li, Tao Gu, Mingkui Tan, Xianzhi Wang, Sen Wang, and Wenjie Ruan. Compressive Representation for Device-Free Activity Recognition with Passive RFID Signal Strength, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Volume: 17, No. 2, pp. 293-306, Feb. 2018. [**PDF**](paper/Compressive%20Representation%20for%20Device-Free%20Activity%20Recognition%20with%20Passive%20RFID%20Signal%20Strength.pdf)

36. Haibo Ye, Kai Dong, Tao Gu, and Zhiqiu Huang. SMinder: Detect a left-behind phone using sensor-based context awareness, Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET), Vol. 24, pp. 171–183, 26 December 2017. [**PDF**](paper/SMinder-%20Detect%20a%20Left-behind%20Phone%20using%20Sensor-based%20Context%20Awareness.pdf)
37. Tianben Wang, Daqing Zhang, Yuanqing Zheng, Tao Gu, Xingshe Zhou, and Bernadette Dorizzi. C-FMCW Based Contactless Respiration Detection Using Acoustic Signal, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 1, No. 4, Article 170, pp. 1-20, December 2017. [**PDF**](paper/C-FMCW%20Based%20Contactless%20Respiration%20Detection%20Using%20Acoustic%20Signal.pdf)
38. Wenjie Ruan, Quan Z. Sheng, Peipei Xu, Lei Yang, Tao Gu, and Longfei Shangguan. Making Sense of Doppler Effect for Multi-Modal Hand Motion Detection, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 17, No. 9, pp. 2087-2100, October 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Making%20Sense%20of%20Doppler%20Effect%20for%20Multi-Modal%20Hand%20Motion%20Detection.pdf)
39. Yuqi Wang, Jiannong Cao, Wengen Li, Tao Gu, and Wenzhong Shi. Exploring Traffic Congestion Correlation from Multiple Data Sources, Elsevier Journal of Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC), Vol. 41, pp. 470-483, October 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Exploring%20traffic%20congestion%20correlation%20from%20multiple%20data%20sources.pdf)
40. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Jiajun Bu, Tao Gu, and Chun Chen. Embracing Corruption Burstiness: Fast Error Recovery for ZigBee under Wi-Fi Interference, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 16, No. 9, pp. 2518-2530, September 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Embracing%20Corruption%20Burstiness-%20Fast%20Error%20Recovery%20for%20ZigBee%20under%20Wi-Fi%20Interference.pdf)
41. Yuanying Chen, Wei Dong, Yi Gao, Xue Liu, and Tao Gu. Rapid: A Multimodal and Device-free Approach Using Noise Estimation for Robust Person Identification, the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT), Vol. 1, No. 3, Article 41, pp. 1-27, 11 September 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Rapid-%20A%20Multimodal%20and%20Device-free%20Approach%20Using%20Noise%20Estimation%20for%20Robust%20Person%20Identification.pdf) 
42. Thanh Dinh, Younghan Kim, Tao Gu, and Athanasios V. Vasilakos. An Adaptive Low Power Listening Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks in Noisy Environments, IEEE System Journal, Vol. 12, No. 3, pp. 2162-2173, 12 July 2017. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Adaptive%20Low-Power%20Listening%20Protocol%20for%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks%20in%20Noisy%20Environments.pdf)
43. Yu Zhang, Mingfei Wei, Chen Cheng, Xianjin Xia, Tao Gu, Zhigang Li, and Shining Li. Exploiting Delay Aware Load Balance for Scalable 802.11 PSM in Crowd Event Environments, Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing (WCMC), Special Issue in Recent Advances in Wireless Communication Protocols for Internet of Things, Vol. 2017, pp. 1-12, 12 July 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Exploiting%20Delay-Aware%20Load%20Balance%20for%20Scalable%20802.11%20PSM%20in%20Crowd%20Event%20Environments.pdf)
44. Tong Liu, Tao Gu, Ning Jin, and Yanming Zhu. A Mixed Transmission Strategy to Achieve Energy Balancing in Wireless Sensor Networks, IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications (TWC), Vol. 16, No. 4, pp. 2111-2122, April 2017. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Mixed%20Transmission%20Strategy%20to%20Achieve%20Energy%20Balancing%20in%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf) 
45. Xiaorui Zhu, Xianping Tao, Tao Gu, and Jian Lu. ReLog: A Systematic Approach for Supporting Efficient Reprogramming in Wireless Sensor Networks, Elsevier Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing (JPDC), Vol. 102, pp. 132-148, April 2017. [**PDF**](paper/ReLog-%20A%20systematic%20approach%20for%20supporting%20efficient%20reprogramming%20in%20wireless%20sensor%20networks.pdf)
46. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Jiajun Bu, Tao Gu, and Geyong Min. Accurate and Generic Sender Selection for Bulk Data Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN), Vol. 25, No. 2, pp. 948-959, April 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Accurate%20and%20Generic%20Sender%20Selection%20for%20Bulk%20Data%20Dissemination%20in%20Low-Power%20Wireless%20Networks.pdf)
47. Jun-Wei Li, Shi-Ning Li, Yu Zhang, Tao Gu, Yee Wei Law, Zhe Yang, and Xingshe Zhou. An Analytical Model for Coding-Based Reprogramming Protocols in Lossy Wireless Sensor Networks, IEEE Transactions on Computers (TC), Vol. 66, No. 1, pp. 24-37, January 2017. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Analytical%20Model%20for%20Coding-Based%20Reprogramming%20Protocols%20in%20Lossy%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
48. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Toward a Wearable RFID System for Real-Time Activity Recognition Using Radio Patterns, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 16, No. 1, pp. 228-242, January 2017. [**PDF**](paper/Toward%20a%20Wearable%20RFID%20System%20for%20Real-Time%20Activity%20Recognition%20Using%20Radio%20Patterns.pdf)
49. Haibo Ye, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Scalable Floor Localization using Barometer on Smartphone, Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing (WCMC), Vol. 16, No. 16, pp. 2557-2571, November 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Scalable%20floor%20localization%20using%20barometer%20on%20smartphone.pdf)
50. Tianben Wang, Zhu Wang, Daqing Zhang, Tao Gu, Hongbo Ni, Jiangbo Jia, Xinshe Zhou, and Jing Lv, Recognizing Parkinsonian Gait Pattern by Exploiting Fine-grained Movement Function Features, ACM Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST), Vol. 8, No. 1, pp. 1-22, October 2016. [**PDF**](paper/Recognizing%20Parkinsonian%20Gait%20Pattern%20by%20Exploiting%20Fine-Grained%20Movement%20Function%20Features.pdf)  
51. Thanh Dinh, Younghan Kim, Tao Gu, and Athanasios V. Vasilakos. L-MAC: A Wake-up Time Self-learning MAC Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks, Elsevier Journal on Computer Networks (CN), Vol. 105, Issue C, pp. 33-46, August 2016. [**PDF**](paper/L-MAC-%20A%20wake-up%20time%20self-learning%20MAC%20protocol%20for%20wireless%20sensor%20networks.pdf)
52. Hongwei Xie, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. A Reliability-Augmented Particle Filter for Magnetic Fingerprinting based Indoor Localization on Smartphone, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 15, No. 8, pp. 1877-1892, August 2016. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Reliability-Augmented%20Particle%20Filter%20for%20Magnetic%20Fingerprinting%20Based%20Indoor%20Localization%20on%20Smartphone.pdf)
53. Zhiwei Zhao, Wei Dong, Jiajun Bu, Tao Gu, and Chun Chen. CoCo+: Towards Energy Efficient Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks, Elsevier Journal on Ad Hoc Networks, Vol. 37, No. 2, pp. 404-417, February 2016. [**PDF**](paper/CoCo+-%20Exploiting%20correlated%20core%20for%20energy%20efficient%20dissemination%20in%20wireless%20sensor%20networks.pdf)  
54. Zhiwen Yu, Hui Wang, Bin Guo, Tao Gu, and Tao Mei, Supporting Serendipitous Social Interaction using Human Mobility Prediction, IEEE Transactions on Human-Machine Systems, Vol. 45, No. 6, pp. 811-818, December 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Supporting%20Serendipitous%20Social%20Interaction%20Using%20Human%20Mobility%20Prediction.pdf) 
55. Haibo Ye, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Infrastructure-free Floor Localization through Crowdsourcing, Journal of Computer Science and Technology (JCST), Vol. 30, No. 6, pp. 1249-1273, 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Infrastructure-Free%20Floor%20Localization%20Through%20Crowdsourcing.pdf)
56. Xiaorui Zhu, Xianping Tao, Tao Gu, and Jian Lu, Target-aware, Transmission Power-adaptive, and Collision-free Data Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks, IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications (TWC), Vol. 14, No. 12, pp. 6911-6925, July 2015. [**PDF**](paper/Target-Aware,%20Transmission%20Power-Adaptive,%20and%20Collision-Free%20Data%20Dissemination%20in%20Wireless%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
57. Kai Dong, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Complete Bipartite Anonymity for Location Privacy, Journal of Computer Science and Technology (JCST), Vol. 29, No. 6, pp. 1094-1110, November 2014. [**PDF**](paper/Complete%20Bipartite%20Anonymity-%20Confusing%20Anonymous%20Mobility%20Traces%20for%20Location%20Privacy.pdf)
58. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. A Hierarchical Approach to Real-time Activity Recognition in Body Sensor Networks, Elsevier Journal of Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC), Vol. 8, No. 1, pp. 115-130, February 2012. [**PDF**](paper/A%20hierarchical%20approach%20to%20real-time%20activity%20recognition%20in%20body%20sensor%20networks.pdf)
59. Hanhua Chen, Hai Jin, Xucheng Luo, Yunhao Liu, Tao Gu, Kaiji Chen, and Lionel Ni. BloomCast: Efficient and Effective Full-Text Retrieval in Unstructured P2P Networks, IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS), Vol. 23, No. 2, pp. 232-241, February 2012. [**PDF**](paper/BloomCast-%20Efficient%20and%20Effective%20Full-Text%20Retrieval%20in%20Unstructured%20P2P%20Networks.pdf)
60. Tao Gu, Liang Wang, Hanhua Chen, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. Recognizing Multiuser Activities using Wireless Body Sensor Networks, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (TMC), Vol. 10, No. 11, pp. 1618-1631, November 2011. [**PDF**](paper/Recognizing%20Multiuser%20Activities%20Using%20Wireless%20Body%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf) 
61. Tao Gu, Liang Wang, Zhanqing Wu, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. A Pattern Mining Approach to Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition, IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE), Vol. 23, No. 9, pp. 1359-1372, September 2011. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Pattern%20Mining%20Approach%20to%20Sensor-Based%20Human%20Activity%20Recognition.pdf)
62. Liang Wang, Tao Gu, Xianping Tao, Hanhua Chen, and Jian Lu. Recognizing Multi-user Activities using Wearable Sensors in a Smart Home. Elsevier Journal of Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC), Special Issue in Knowledge-Driven Activity Recognition in Intelligent Environments, Vol. 7, No. 3, pp. 287-298, June 2011. [**PDF**](paper/Recognizing%20multi-user%20activities%20using%20wearable%20sensors%20in%20a%20smart%20home.pdf)
63. Tao Gu, Shaxun Chen, Xianping Tao, and Jian Lu. An Unsupervised Approach to Activity Recognition and Segmentation based on Object-use Fingerprints. Elsevier Journal of Data and Knowledge Engineering (DKE), Vol. 69, No. 6, pp. 533-544, June 2010. [**PDF**](paper/An%20unsupervised%20approach%20to%20activity%20recognition%20and%20segmentation%20based%20on%20object-use%20fingerprints.pdf)
64. Nirmalya Roy, Tao Gu, and Sajal K. Das. Supporting Pervasive Computing Applications with Active Context Fusion and Semantic Context Delivery. Elsevier Journal of Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC), Vol. 6, No. 1, pp. 21-42, February 2010. [**PDF**](paper/Supporting%20pervasive%20computing%20applications%20with%20active%20context%20fusion%20and%20semantic%20context%20delivery.pdf)
65. Paulito P. Palmes, Hung Keng Pung, Tao Gu, Wenwei Xue, and Shaxun Chen. Object Relevance Weight Pattern Mining for Activity Recognition and Segmentation. Elsevier Journal of Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC), Vol. 6, No. 1, pp. 43-57, February 2010. [**PDF**](paper/Object%20relevance%20weight%20pattern%20mining%20for%20activity%20recognition%20and%20segmentation.pdf)
66. Hung Keng Pung, Tao Gu, Wenwei Xue, Paulito P. Palmes, Jian Zhu, Wen Long Ng, Chee Weng Tang, and Nguyen Hoang Chung. Context-Aware Middleware for Pervasive Elderly Homecare. IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications (JSAC), Special issue on wireless healthcare, Vol. 27, No. 4, pp. 510-524. May 2009. [**PDF**](paper/Context-Aware%20Middleware%20for%20Pervasive%20Elderly%20Homecare.pdf)
67. Tao Gu, Daqing Zhang, and Hung Keng Pung. An Ontology-based P2P Network for Semantic Search. International Journal of Grid and High Performance Computing, Vol. 1, Issue 4, pp. 26-39, 2009. [**PDF**](paper/An%20Ontology-based%20P2P%20Network%20for%20Semantic%20Search.pdf)
68. Zheng Yang, Bin Xu, Baijian Yang, Jingyao Dai, and Tao Gu. PAS: Prediction-based Adaptive Sleeping for Diffusion Stimulus Monitoring Sensor Networks. Journal of Ad Hoc & Sensor Wireless Networks, Vol. 5, No. 3-4, pp. 235-246, 2008. [**PDF**](paper/PAS-%20Prediction-based%20Adaptive%20Sleeping%20for%20Environment%20Monitoring%20in%20Sensor%20Networks.pdf)
69. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. Information Retrieval in Schema-based P2P Systems using One-dimensional Semantic Space. Elsevier Journal of Computer Networks, Special Issue on Innovations in Web Infrastructure, Vol. 51, No. 16, pp. 4543-4560, November 2007. [**PDF**](paper/Information%20retrieval%20in%20schema-based%20P2P%20systems%20using%20one-dimensional%20semantic%20space.pdf)
70. Daqing Zhang, Tao Gu, and Xiaohang Wang. Enabling Context-aware Smart Home with Semantic Technology. International Journal of Human-friendly Welfare Robotic Systems, Vol. 6, No. 4, pp.12-20, December 2005. [**PDF**](paper/Enabling%20Context-aware%20Smart%20Home%20with%20Semantic%20Web%20Technologies.pdf)
71. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Jiankang Yao. Towards a Flexible Service Discovery. Elsevier Journal of Network and Computer Applications (JNCA), Vol. 28, No. 3, pp. 233-248, May 2005. [**PDF**](paper/Towards%20a%20flexible%20service%20discovery.pdf)                  
72. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. A Service-Oriented Middleware for Building Context-Aware Services. Elsevier Journal of Network and Computer Applications (JNCA), Vol. 28, No. 1, pp. 1-18, January 2005. [**PDF**](paper/A%20Middleware%20for%20Building%20Context-Aware%20Mobile%20Services.pdf)
73. Tao Gu, Hung Keng Pung, and Daqing Zhang. Towards an OSGi-Based Infrastructure for Context-Aware Applications in Smart Homes. IEEE Pervasive Computing, Vol. 3, No. 4, pp. 66-74, October 2004. [**PDF**](paper/Toward%20an%20OSGi-Based%20Infrastructure%20for%20Context-Aware%20Applications.pdf)


</font>







